However.
I wanted to join the meeting, however, I
was caught in traffic .On the other hand.
He likes working alone, on the other
hand, teamwork is often required in this role.
Nonetheless.
She was exhausted, nonetheless, she
continued working.
Nevertheless.
It was raining heavily, nevertheless,
they went for a walk.
Despite this.
He had little experience.
Despite this, he was given the project.
In contrast.
The city is always bustling, in contrast
to the quiet countryside.
Even so.
It was a long day, even so, he went out
to dinner with friends.
Alternatively.
You can go by train, alternatively, there
is a bus service.
While.
She enjoys reading while he prefers
watching movies.
Whereas.
Some prefer a steady routine, whereas
others thrive on change.
Yet.
It's a simple idea, yet it's hard to execute.
Conversely.
The south experiences a wet season,
conversely, the north is usually dry.
Although.
Although he was tired, he decided to
finish the report.
Even though.
Even though she knew the answer, she
hesitated to respond.
Be that as it may.
Be that as it may, we still need a solution.
At the same time.
I was thrilled to get the job, at the
same time, I felt nervous about the new role.
On the contrary.
I thought it would be difficult, on the
contrary, it was quite simple.
In spite of.
In spite of the challenges, she excelled
in her role.
Rather than.
He chose to relax rather than work on his project.
Nonetheless.
The project faced many challenges,
nonetheless, it was completed on time.
Regardless.
She decided to continue with her plan,
regardless of the difficulties.
In any case.
We might be late, but in any case, we'll
try to get there as soon as possible.
Albeit.
The company reported a profit, albeit a
small one.
Though.
He worked hard, though he was not feeling well.
While this may be true.
While this may be true, there are other
factors to consider.
Contrary to.
Contrary to popular belief, not all cats
dislike water.
Whereas.
John loves hiking, whereas his brother
prefers cycling.
In comparison.
In comparison to last year, this year's
sales have increased significantly.
Despite.
She achieved great results despite facing
many obstacles.
Therefore.
The weather forecast predicts rain,
therefore, the event has been postponed.
As a result.
She studied hard for weeks, as a result,
she passed the exam.
Consequently.
The team failed to meet the deadline and,
consequently, lost the contract.
Hence.
He forgot his keys at home, hence, he was
locked out.
Thus.
They didn't prepare for the meeting,
thus, it was less productive.
Due to.
So that.
He studied extra hours so that he could
pass the exam.
Owing to.
Owing to the high demand, the product
sold out quickly.
In order to.
She saved money in order to buy a new car.
Accordingly.
The market shifted and, accordingly, they
adjusted their strategy.
That's why.
She missed her bus, that's why she was late.
On account of.
They stayed indoors on account of the storm.
With this in mind.
The team prioritized efficiency, with
this in mind when designing the project.
For this purpose.
They hired a specialist for this purpose.
To this end.
To this end, they allocated more
resources to research.
In consequence.
In consequence of his actions, he was promoted.
Resulting in.
Resulting in road closures.
Because of.
They canceled the picnic because of the rain.
In light of this.
In light of this information, we should
reconsider our approach.
For instance.
Some animals are quite intelligent, for
instance, dolphins can learn complex tasks.
For example.
To illustrate.
To illustrate this point, consider the
following scenario.
Such as.
She enjoys outdoor activities such as
hiking and biking.
As an illustration.
As an illustration, think of a tree
growing towards the light.
In particular.
He enjoys classical music, in particular,
the works of Mozart.
Including.
Biking, hiking, and birdwatching.
Namely.
Three cities were chosen, mainly New
York, London, and Tokyo.
Specifically.
She was looking for specifically designed
shoes for running.
In the case of.
In the case of an emergency, please
follow the evacuation plan.
Consider the following.
Consider the following example to better
understand the concept.
Take, for example, the way technology has
changed communication.
A prime example is.
A prime example is the rapid rise of
smartphone usage.
As seen in.
The effectiveness of this strategy is
evident, as seen in last quarter's results.
This can be seen in.
This can be seen in the way they approach
their projects.
By way of illustration.
This is illustrated by.
This is illustrated by the number of
successful projects completed last year.
To give an example.
To give an example, she cited several
successful companies.
One example is.
One example is the impact of education on
community health.
In this case.
In this case, we should proceed with caution.
Moreover.
Furthermore.
She has strong communication skills,
furthermore, she is an excellent team player.
In addition.
In addition to his role, he also
volunteers with local charities.
Besides.
She is very talented, besides, she is dedicated.
As well as.
The event includes workshops as well as
networking sessions.
Along with.
Along with his regular duties, he also
manages the team's budget.
And also.
He studied law and also worked part -time.
Likewise.
The new policy affects students,
likewise, it impacts teachers.
Plus.
The job is interesting, plus it offers
great benefits.
Similarly.
Similarly, both species share common features.
She is very gracious, what´s more, it´s
close to public transportation.
Not only, but also.
She is not only intelligent, but also
very kind.
Equally important.
Equally important is the need for
community involvement.
In the same vein.
In the same vein, other studies support
these findings.
Together with.
She works together with her team to
achieve their goals.
Additionally.
Additionally, they plan to launch a new
product next quarter.
On top of that.
The restaurant is affordable, on top of
that, the food is excellent.
Plus the fact that.
The program is appealing, plus the fact
that it´s free.
Correspondingly.
The budget increased, and
correspondingly, so did the scope of the project.
Apart from.
Apart from his studies, he also plays the violin.
In conclusion, the results of the study
are promising.
To sum up, we recommend continuing the project.
In summary, the benefits far outweigh the costs.
All in all, it was a successful event.
Ultimately, the decision is up to you.
In the end, everything turned out well.
As can be seen from the data, sales have increased.
To wrap up, let´s review the main points.
To bring it all together, we should
consider every option.
Overall, the team performed well.
It was a productive meeting.
Taking everything into account, we
believe this is the best course of action.
Thus, we should proceed with the plan.
As a final point, remember to submit your
reports by Monday.
All things considered, it´s been a good year.
In essence, we aim to provide quality service.
To conclude, we´ve seen significant improvements.
Finally, let´s discuss the next steps.
First, let´s review the objectives.
Next, we need to confirm the details.
Then, we´ll proceed with the plan.
After that, we´ll conduct a review.
Subsequently, the team analyzed the results.
Meanwhile, the kids were playing outside,
meanwhile, the adults prepared dinner.
In the meantime, the report is being
finalized, in the meantime, let´s review
the previous findings.
At the same time, she was studying for
her exams, at the same time, she worked
part -time.
Simultaneously, the fireworks exploded in
the sky and music played simultaneously
in the background.
Seguido de esto, seguimos con la agenda actualizada.
Antes, antes de salir, asegúrate de
activar las luces.
Después, tuvimos una cena y después
fuimos a caminar.
Al final, tras muchas detenciones, el
proyecto fue finalizado.
Antes, ella llegó antes de lo esperado,
sorprendiendo a todos.
Tras semanas de esfuerzo duro, finalmente
completó el proyecto.
Al llegar, el programa ya había comenzado.
Si, si llueve mañana, tendremos que
cancelar el desayuno, a menos que no
logres, a menos que intentes, a menos que
puedas salir, a menos que tú termines tu
trabajo en casa primero.
A pesar de que el tiempo es bueno, vamos
a caminar, a pesar de que te ayudaré a
mantener tu promesa, a pesar de que tiene
la experiencia, debería liderar el proyecto.
En caso de que todavía no tenga la
experiencia, debería liderar el proyecto.
En caso de que ganes la lotería, ¿qué
harías con el dinero?
En caso de que el desayuno se cancele, yo
notificaré a todos.
Si no, tenemos que salir ahora, si no,
seríamos tardes.
Si no, podemos ir al parque, si no,
podemos quedarnos en casa y ver un película.
En caso de que puedas estar tardes en
caso de que me llames cuando llegues a
casa, a pesar de que te daré el libro, a
pesar de que lo devuelvas la próxima semana.
Si es así, déjame saber si estás
interesado, si es así, puedo dar tí más detalles.
Creo que todos merecen una segunda oportunidad.
En mi opinión, el trabajo de equipo es
esencial para el éxito.
Personalmente, prefiero trabajar en un
ambiente tranquilo.
En mi mente, la decisión fue un error.
Pienso que la comunicación es clave para
una relación saludable.
En cuanto a mí, este tema necesita
atención inmediata.
Pienso que la educación es la fundación
de la sociedad.
Me parece que estamos avanzando.
Estoy convencida de que el trabajo duro
lleva a éxito.
Creo que deberíamos tratar una estrategia diferente.
A mi conocimiento, el proyecto está disponible.
En mi opinión, todos deberían tener
acceso a salud de calidad.
Mi impresión es que la empresa está
siendo más confiada.
Creo fuertemente en la importancia de la
consciencia de la salud mental.
En mi opinión, tenemos que centrarnos en
prácticas sostenibles.
Me sorprende que no hemos considerado
todas las opciones.
Estoy de la opinión de que la
colaboración promueve la innovación.
Es mi firme creencia.
Es mi firme creencia de que la amabilidad
tiene un largo camino.
Algunos dicen que las redes sociales
pueden ser detrimentales a la salud mental.
Algunos dicen que los beneficios de la
tecnología afectan a los riesgos.
Hay una escuela de pensamiento que
enfatiza el papel de la naturaleza en la educación.
Los críticos dicen que la nueva política
podría dañar al ambiente.
Los oponentes creen que los cambios
impactarán negativamente a los pequeños negocios.